<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>about</title>
        <link rel="shortcut icon"  href="#{request.contextPath}/resources/images/Logo.png" type="image/x-icon"/> 

    </h:head>
    <h:body style="background: #276adc">

        <div>
            <b:form>
                <ui:include src="header.xhtml"/>
            </b:form>
        </div>
        <p:spacer height="30px" />

        <b:container >
            <!-- ======= About Section ======= -->
            <section>
                <div class="col-sm-6">
                    <p:spacer height="40px" />
                    <b:form>
                        <b:panel  style="background: #d4dbe6">
                            <div class="section-title" data-aos="zoom-out">
                                <h3   style="background:  #944aca; color: whitesmoke; font-family: sans-serif">About - Who we are:</h3>
                                <p:separator  />

                                <p style="font-family: serif; font-size: large"> INTRODUCTION:</p>
                                <p align="justify" style="font-size: medium"> In the Nigerian Air Force, Cooperative and welfare associations have become veritable vehicles for micro-fund management including micro-lending, consumer bulk purchases, cooperative low cost housing amongst other services that have impacted positively on the welfare of their members. NAF personnel have bought into this idea at various levels with the frontline micro-finance scheme in 201 HAG, Lagos. Consequently a committee was tasked by HQ AFIT in Aug 11 to draw up modalities for the formation and operation of a Cooperative Welfare Scheme for AFIT. The recommendations of the committee were considered and adopted by HQ AFIT.  </p>
                                <br />
                                <p align="justify" style="font-size: medium"> Thus, the association herein known as the “Air Force Institute of Technology Multipurpose Co-operative Welfare Scheme” (ACMWS) a Limited Liability Company Registered under the Company and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) with a certificate of registration (KDS/DKA/CS/N/11242) under Section 7 of the Co-operative societies Act 98 and Kaduna State Cooperative Societies Regulations, 2008 was formed and began. Although contribution to the cooperative began in Mar 12, operation and transaction actually started in Dec 12. The recommendations of the committee were considered and adopted by HQ AFIT. The members of the Committee that formed the Cooperative are as follows:</p>

                                <ul class="list-group">
                                    <li class="list-group-item active">Committee members:</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">Group Capt AA Adebomehin. (NAF/2208) – Chairman</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">Wing Commander DE Bello. (NAF/2421) – Member</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">NAF87/15489 MWO Daramola OS – Member </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> NAF85/14434 WO Da-costa O – Member</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> NAF92/17316 FS Garuba K – Member</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> Fg Offr AI Bambale (NAF/2972) – Secretary </li>
                                </ul>
                                <p align="justify" style="font-size: medium"> Thus, the association herein known as the “Air Force Institute of Technology Multipurpose Co-operative Welfare Scheme” (ACMWS) was formed and began. Although contribution to the cooperative began in Mar 12, operation and transaction actually started in Dec 12. The Cooperative is governed by a written constitution and managed by Executive members. Accordingly, the EXCOs of the Cooperative as at Apr 18 are as follows:</p>
                                <ul class="list-group">
                                    <li class="list-group-item active">EXCOs List:</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">Flt lt AS Job-ibi (NAF/3635) – Chairman.</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">MWO Bentem AJ (NAF92/17198) – Treasurer. </li>
                                     <li class="list-group-item">MWO Sanda  UK (NAF97/18420) – Member. </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">WO Cookey S (NAF97/18272) - Member </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> WO Ahmed A (NAF05/23026) – Member.</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> FS Oyegoke BA (NAF00/20055) – Secretary. </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item" > Bello Sanusi Sambo – Accountant. </li>
 
                                </ul>
                            </div>
                        </b:panel>
                    </b:form>

                </div>

                <div class="col-sm-6">

                    <p:spacer height="40px" />
                    <b:form>
                        <b:panel  style="background: #d4dbe6">
                            <div class="section-title" data-aos="zoom-out">
                                <h3   style="background:  #944aca; color: whitesmoke; font-family: sans-serif">Membership and Loans:</h3>
                                <p:separator  />

                                <p  align="justify" style="font-size: medium"> Membership of the scheme is voluntary and cuts across all ranks and units in the NAF. A monthly minimum due of N2,500.00 would be paid by members. However, the upper limit of contribution is at the convenience of members. Executive members are usually elected to various posts in the Co-operative. A Bank account for the scheme was opened at Eco bank Nigeria PLC, NAF Base Kaduna.  For convenience, members undertook to remit their dues by direct deduction from source, that is, through the Pay and Accounting Group, for all serving NAF members. At inception, the co-operative had 8 offrs and 71 airmen. However, this number has blossomed to a total of 135 offrs, 423 airmen/airwomen and 79 civilian staffs, as at Jun 20.</p>
                                <p align="justify" style="font-size: medium" > Members of the Scheme are entitled to 4 loan categories. These include the following:</p>

                                <ul class="list-group">
                                    <li class="list-group-item active">Loan Categories:</li>
                                    <li  class="list-group-item">Soft loan: The soft loan is between the sums of N2,500 and N10,000. For every N1,000, a member borrows he/she is to pay an interest of N50. The repayment period for this loan is 7 days.</li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">Micro-Lending loan: The Micro-Lending loan is between N11,000 and N30,000. For every N1,000 a member borrows the member is to pay an interest of N50. The repayment period this loan is 30 days. </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item">Special loan: The special loan is twice the total amount a member has contributed to the scheme at the time of application. The interest rate on this loan is 5 per cent of the amount borrowed and the maximum repayment period is 24 calendar months which is subject to periodic review base on economic realities and in accordance to CBN monetory Policy Review (MPR).  </li>
                                    <li class="list-group-item"> House appliances loan: The loan for house appliances is normally given to interested members who have a need to acquire any form of house appliances. The interest rate on this loan is also 5 per cent of the amount borrowed and the loan is deducted from the source co-currently with any special loan paying back by the member. This is subject to periodic review base on economic realities and in accordance to CBN monetory Policy Review (MPR). </li>

                                </ul>
                                <p align="justify" style="font-size: medium" > It is worthy of note that presently, the Cooperative have stop issuing of Soft loan and Micro lending loan due to abuse of the privileges by some members. The Interests on loans could be deducted up-front or spread for the period of repayment of loan. The interest on loans is another way the Co-operative generates income.</p>

                            </div>

                        </b:panel>
                    </b:form>
                </div>

            </section>


        </b:container>
    </h:body>
</html>

